Ma Haoran
Is that you, go away
This is the trap he set
Mom
Anyway.
My son will definitely teach you to see my son today
Why don't you kneel?
Humph
Why kneel
Bold you traitor
It's enough to see His Highness the Prince die and repent
And you talk about it.
You three cast spells for sin
It's a rebellion
Convicted sin
What else does His Royal Highness the Lion have to say to such a rebel?
Just take them down for the interview
The lion is here
How dare you come?
You're courting death.
Luo Shaofeng
The two generals wonder if they can remember our party
Back then, you forced our Jiangnan net worth
Surrender of property
We remember it vividly
It really is the blood of a traitor, and it has no brains at all.
Just your skills
Can you go out this day?
overreach
I, Yunshi, guarded the building for a hundred years
Generational loyalty
When is the greedy Taoist priest
It's the Ghost King, no matter what I say in Lin's mouth
Lin's treason and rebellion
Zhenbei Royal Mansion acts for heaven
Kill them all
You're just a fish that slipped through the net
No. Find a place to hide
How dare you speak nonsense here
You say I'm here to betray my country
A little sin curse
Dare to quibble
My family adopted you because you were pitiful
I didn't expect you to pretend to be crazy
The two generals who killed our northern king
What is not treason
I am your mother-in-law
Am I still going to lie?